fcrepo-audit-triplestore/README.md, before:

#Fedora Audit Service (Triplestore)

This application implements a bridge to an external, triplestore-based
[Audit Service](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Design+-+Audit+Service)
for [Fedora4](http://fcrepo.org).

##Building

To build this project use

    mvn install

##Deploying in OSGi

This project can be deployed in an OSGi container. For example using
[Apache ServiceMix](http://servicemix.apache.org/) or
[Apache Karaf](http://karaf.apache.org), you can run the following
command from its shell:

    feature:repo-add mvn:org.fcrepo.camel/toolbox-features/LATEST/xml/features
    feature:install fcrepo-audit-triplestore
    feature:install fcrepo-service-activemq

##Configuration

The application can be configured by creating the following configuration
file `$KARAF_HOME/etc/org.fcrepo.camel.audit.cfg`. The following values
are available for configuration:

The name of the container where internal audit events are created (if using
[fcrepo-audit](http://github.com/fcrepo4-exts/fcrepo-audit)).  Events about
resources in this container are ignored.

    audit.container=http://localhost:8080/fcrepo/rest/audit

In the event of failure, the maximum number of times a redelivery will be attempted.

    error.maxRedeliveries=10

The baseUri to use for event URIs in the triplestore. A `UUID` will be appended
to this value, forming, for instance: `http://example.com/event/{UUID}`

    event.baseUri=http://example.com/event

The camel URI for the incoming message stream (e.g. with the ActiveMQ service).

    input.stream=broker:topic:fedora

The base URL of the triplestore being used.

    triplestore.baseUrl=http://localhost:8080/fuseki/test/update


By editing this file, any currently running routes will be immediately redeployed
with the new values.

For more help see the Apache Camel documentation

    http://camel.apache.org/

Commit message:

Generalize the audit container filtering
Resolves: https://jira.duraspace.org/browse/FCREPO-2320

fcrepo-audit-triplestore/README.md, after:

#Fedora Audit Service (Triplestore)

This application implements a bridge to an external, triplestore-based
[Audit Service](https://wiki.duraspace.org/display/FF/Design+-+Audit+Service)
for [Fedora4](http://fcrepo.org).

##Building

To build this project use

    mvn install

##Deploying in OSGi

This project can be deployed in an OSGi container. For example using
[Apache ServiceMix](http://servicemix.apache.org/) or
[Apache Karaf](http://karaf.apache.org), you can run the following
command from its shell:

    feature:repo-add mvn:org.fcrepo.camel/toolbox-features/LATEST/xml/features
    feature:install fcrepo-audit-triplestore
    feature:install fcrepo-service-activemq

##Configuration

The application can be configured by creating the following configuration
file `$KARAF_HOME/etc/org.fcrepo.camel.audit.cfg`. The following values
are available for configuration:

A comma-delimited list of URIs to filter. That is, any Fedora resource that either
matches or is contained in one of the URIs listed will not be processed by the
audit-triplestore application.

    filter.containers=http://localhost:8080/fcrepo/rest/audit

In the event of failure, the maximum number of times a redelivery will be attempted.

    error.maxRedeliveries=10

The baseUri to use for event URIs in the triplestore. A `UUID` will be appended
to this value, forming, for instance: `http://example.com/event/{UUID}`

    event.baseUri=http://example.com/event

The camel URI for the incoming message stream (e.g. with the ActiveMQ service).

    input.stream=broker:topic:fedora

The base URL of the triplestore being used.

    triplestore.baseUrl=http://localhost:8080/fuseki/test/update


By editing this file, any currently running routes will be immediately redeployed
with the new values.

For more help see the Apache Camel documentation

    http://camel.apache.org/
